Update documentation to describe possible customizations (#720)
MPAS-Dev/MPAS-Analysis: README.md

job script in `configs/job_script.default.bash` or one of the job scripts for
another machine to fit your needs.

## Customizing plots or creating new ones

There are three main ways to either customize the plots that MPAS-Analysis
already makes or creating new ones:

1. customize the config file. Some features, such as colormaps and colorbar
   limits for color shaded plot or depth ranges for ocean region time series,

>    can be customized: look at `mpas_analysis/config_default` for available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   can be customized: look at `mpas_analysis/config.default` for available
```

   customization for each analysis task.

> 2. read in the metadata computed by MPAS-Analysis into custom scripts. When

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. read in the analysis data computed by MPAS-Analysis into custom scripts. When
```
metadata is the data withing a file that describes the data (so the attributes and such).

   running MPAS-Analysis with the purpose of generating both climatologies

>    and time series, the following metadata is generated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and time series, the following datasets are generated:
```

>    * `[mpasClimatologySubdirectory]/avg/unmasked_[mpasMeshName]`: MPAS-Ocean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `[baseDirectory]/clim/mpas/avg/unmasked_[mpasMeshName]`: MPAS-Ocean
```
I think, especially for a quick start, it will be a lot more helpful to assume that `mpasClimatologySubdirectory` have the default values.

     and MPAS-seaice climatologies on the native grid.
   * `[mpasClimatologySubdirectory]/avg/remapped`: remapped climatologies
     for each chosen task (climatology files are stored in different
     subdirectories according to the task name).

>    * `[climatologySubdirectory]`: observational climatologies

Reviewer: Similarly to above,
```suggestion
   * `[baseDirectory]/clim/obs`: observational climatologies
```

   * `[mpasClimatologySubdirectory]/avg/mocStreamfunction_years[startYear]-[endYear].nc`
   * `[mpasClimatologySubdirectory]/avg/meridionalHeatTransport_years[startYear]-[endYear].nc`

>    * `[timeSeriesSubdirectory]`: various time series data

Reviewer: Similarly to above,
```suggestion
   * `[baseDirectory]/timeseries`: various time series data
```

>    Custom scripts can then utilize this metadata to generate custom plots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Custom scripts can then utilize these datasets to generate custom plots.
```
